Well, this is the
last of Robby's stuff.
How you doing with the breakup?
Really well,
since we're related,
and all the laws of nature say
we should not be together.
If you guys
need me today,
I'll be in my room
rearranging my furniture
so it no longer resembles
a place
where I made out with my cousin.
(all groaning)
Third cousin.
Still.
Ugh,
barely better.
Ew.
Don't normalize it, Jess.
Ugh.
You're right, you're right.
(gags)
Ugh.
Hey, Nick.
Are you wearing
your running bottoms
and your hoodie?
Nick, are you going running?
Have fun.
Oh, my God.
What is wrong with Nick, Reagan?
Yeah, what happened?
Are you guys okay?
Nick is going for a run.
(chuckles)
If anything, we should be asking
what is right with Nick.
He only goes running
if he's upset.
And he's wearing his sad hoodie.
And by the looks of it,
it's been washed,
which is bone-chilling.
He's fine. Everything's okay.
I just passed Nick
on the street running,
on purpose!
Oh, my God!
Maybe I was wrong.
Nick!
Are you okay?!
I see you!
And I love you!
In my defense, no one here
emotes in a normal way.
That's fair.
Nick!
♪ ♪
How's the boba?
It's fine.
Why are you making
so much eye contact with us?
Oh, you're gonna ask us
for something, aren't you?
This boba is a metaphor.
Aly is the tapioca pearl
to my milky matcha,
each made better by the
unlikely presence of the other.
I think you know
what I'm saying...
We have absolutely no idea.
I haven't known
what you've been saying
for three
and a half years.
I'm asking Aly to marry me.
What?!
Whoa!
Yeah,
yeah. (chuckles)
Oh, my gosh!
Winston. My man!
Yeah.
Yes.
(chuckles)
And I'm gonna need your
help with the process.
Now, keep this between us.
I am only telling you two.
Yeah, we won't say a word. Yeah.
Whatever you need.
Meet me at the bar in one hour,
okay?
Look fresh.
We'll discuss details. I'm gonna
need you for the entire day.
We're with you.
Yes. Little Winnie
is growing up.
First he's a husband
and then maybe one day
he could be a father...
One day? (chuckles)
I am a father.
It's a cat, Winston.
He's my blood.
I am never gonna
figure him out.
I feel like I found
a forest baby,
and I don't know when
it's hungry or in pain
or afraid of the
kitchen light.
I know. (chuckles)
Nick is just an enigma
wrapped up in a bunch
of Chicago Bears crap.
You need the help
of a seasoned vet.
(knocking at door)
Come in!
Hey, Nick.
Hey.
You feeling upset
about something?
No.
I'm just eating edamame.
Give me the cup.
(spits)
They taste so bad.
That's what I thought.
I submitted
The Pepperwood Chronicles
to a publishing company, and I
got the rejection letter today.
My career is over.
No, it's not. Nick,
someday you'll be talking
to a reanimated Oprah
about that book.
Have you talked to Reagan
about this?
I bet she'd be awesome
to talk to.
No, I am too embarrassed.
Nick, she's your girlfriend.
You have to let her in.
Don't just keep her
in the perfect front room.
Okay.
Let her in the back,
with the weird rooms
and the-the dead bulbs
and the wet walls.
All right, but I'm not
letting her go anywhere
near my crawl space.
I don't think you should let
anyone near your crawl space.
Well, some people have
to go to the crawl space
to clean out the boxes.
Who cleans out the boxes?
Significant other.
What are you talking about?
Hey. I have the scoop.
Nick's book got rejected,
and he's really embarrassed.
So now the baton...
♪ Has been passed... ♪
...to you.
You own an actual baton?
It was Robby's.
He was really into
competitive male twirling.
I have so many questions...
No.
WINSTON:
First, thank you
for coming to this
very special event.
Might I just add that
everyone looks fresh.
Now, when Aly gets here, I am
going to suggest an activity
for the four of us to do.
Then I'll
gracefully back out,
leaving the two of you to
distract her as I prepare for...
the show.
(giggling)
Ooh, I got a scream
and nowhere to put it.
Ooh, this is exciting.
Now, at an undisclosed time,
I will place a call to Aly,
informing her that my car
has broken down in Malibu,
where I'll be waiting with
a beautiful and glorious picnic
right next
to her favorite plant...
...the common cactus.
Here comes that scream.
Oh, my God,
Oh,
there she is.
I'm screaming already. Aly!
Hey. Hey, hey.
Hi.
(giggling)
(chuckles)
Strange energy, guys.
(giggling continues)
We all had
bubbly water. It made us giggle.
What's up? What's up? What's up?
Hi. Hello.
What's up?
Hello.
Anyway, uh,
Schmidt and Cece asked us
to help paint their house.
Paint our house?
Paint the house.
Remember? That's the activity
for all of us to do.
You know, 'cause you
wanted... you wanted...
Paint the house.
Yes, we... did.
Even though the majority
of our house is already painted.
We wanted our best friends
to finish it.
Not professionals.
Like, uh... like our new home
was some tree house in
a Little League baseball movie.
I mean, I-I've never done it
before, but...
Sounds like a yes to me.
Aw, snap, just
remembered,
I can't make it.
Uh, uh, boo.
Uh... (exhales)
Yeah.
Boy, that's a bummer.
Shock.
Shoot.
So fast.
Ugh.
But, you know,
boo.
What up, boy in the hood?
I thought you were
gonna talk to Reagan.
I tried, but she's been
on her phone all day
like a grandpa
who missed a package.
Like... "Hel..."
I'm not even gonna do it.
Yes. Thank you so much.
We will be there. Thanks.
Nick, I know that dumb publisher
rejected your book.
And, guess what,
that publisher can go to hell.
After you beat them to death
with this baton
that I weirdly still have.
Because you don't need
a publisher.
You need a girlfriend
who found a bookstore
to sell Pepperwood.
Seriously? That's amazing.
That's amazing!
I called all over
and I finally found one.
Reagan saved
the day!
You're amazing.
That's right.
All we need is, uh,
30 copies of the book.
Oh, well, we can
make them.
I mean, it'll be hard,
but we could do it.
We could do it.
We'll make 'em ourselves.
Fantastic. Uh,
we just need 'em by tonight
for his big reading.
Excuse me, did you say "big..."
a big reading tonight?
Yeah.
Well, that
sounds... public.
Well, I mean, he's got
to do a reading
to sell the book.
Is that bad?
Is that bad? No, it's good.
I get...
I get to do a reading
tonight in front of people.
Yeah.
I get to read
in front
of a bunch of people
who are gonna judge me.
This is not bad. This is good.
This is... (exhales)
JESS:
See, this is
another thing that Nick does
when he's upset.
At least he's not running.
(clattering)
So you want me to read in front
of people. You want me to read
in front of living people...
(voice squeaking):
...who are there
to hear me read.
And how will I... how will
I even know what to read?
You're gonna read your book.
I'll read my book. Fine.
This is good. I'm fine.
Don't worry about me. I'm fine.
Oh, I feel like my heart
is pumping out
scalding hot toilet water.
See,
a vivid description like that is
gonna make the audience go wild.
Ah, the audience!
I just forgot the audience,
and now I remember the audience.
I can't do this. I can't do it.
I can't do it.
All right, here it is--
The Pepperwood Chronicles.
I made a prototype.
Jess, that looks fantastic!
That looks really good.
How did you do that?
Oh, that's between me
and my craft wagon.
I wrote you.
Hey, um, how's he doing?
Not very good.
Hmm.
And if I'm being
honest with you,
I'm starting
to freak out now.
This is me freaking out.
Do I sometimes wonder
if you're a robot? Yeah.
I've made you!
You're of me.
JESS:
When Nick gets
like this, he needs
to be occupied.
Luckily, we have tons
of books to make.
It's got my name in it.
JESS (sing-songy):
Book time!
Gather around,
my little Guttenbergs!
Here we go.
Hey, Jess, can I borrow
your cactus gloves?
Ooh!
Making books, huh?
♪ Butterfly in the sky ♪
♪ I can fly
twice as high ♪
♪ Take a look ♪
♪ It's in a book. ♪
Ah, you know the rest.
Just, we put...
we put 'em there.
Backing away from an
active craft project.
Are you okay?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
No. Um, Reagan's
a little insecure
about being
there for Nick.
Oh.
So I want her to have this.
Wow. I'm proud of you.
Yeah.
Thanks.
(both laugh)
This is where
you give me the cactus gloves.
This is really soothing.
You're a natural.
(whispering):
She's terrible.
She's ruining our bedroom.
It's like she's begrudgingly
covering up graffiti.
Oh, there's a couple
rough patches,
but...
that's what posters are for.
Just calm down, okay?
We can fix it later,
but we have to keep her
in here for Winston.
Hey.
Since we're doing this,
I got to say,
do not like the color
of your bathroom.
You know what? Now that
I think about it, me, either.
(quietly):
What?!
Let's do that next.
Great.
It's special order
robin's egg.
It's just paint!
It's not just paint.
Guys, as much as I love
a good whisper fight,
I should go.
CECE:
Oh, no!
No, no, no, you,
uh, can not leave.
Why not?
Because we can't
be alone together.
Because...?
Because...
we're having
marital problems.
That's... secret,
which is part
of our marital problem.
She's got a big mouth,
but a great can.
Which is also part
of our marital problems.
I objectify her.
ALY:
See,
I knew something was up.
Everyone was like,
"They're so perfect!"
And I was like, "No.
Something in that relationship
is very, very broken."
Hey, Nick.
Where's Reagan?
Getting more glue.
We ran out.
How many did you get done?
One... and I think
we did it wrong.
It doesn't look right to me.
Your reading's in
three hours! It...
Let's make some books! I think
I have some really good glue
in my non-mobile craft cart.
You're gonna help me?
Yeah!
Let's do it.
(both laugh)
God, this glue works great!
Oh,
it smells great, too!
It really does.
(both sniffing)
(sniffing)
Oh, I love the
smell of new books!
(sniffing)
(laughing):
Yeah, me, too.
Mmm! New, new books.
New, new books!
Oh! Can I tell you something?
I feel great right now.
I feel very good.
I feel very confident.
I am ready for that read.
I think you're gonna crush it.
I think I'll read the whole book
in about two minutes.
Yeah. Just get in there.
You'll... (sputtering gibberish)
What?
(sputtering gibberish)
And people are gonna go nuts.
They're gonna be like, "Yes,
yes, we love this book."
And they're gonna just buy
every copy,
and then you're gonna have
to, like, print more.
That's what's gonna happen.
Does your hair
always look like that?
Yeah.
Do you have brown hair?
Definitely.
Why didn't you tell me?
It's a secret.
(both laughing)
(cackling)
Check this out.
I'm gonna birth this book.
(laughing)
(groaning)
Here you go.
It's a baby book.
Oh!
(imitates baby crying)
Congratulations!
It's a paperback!
Hey, guys.
Reagan!
Reagan.
Reagan...!
(Reagan sighs,
Jess and Nick laugh)
Sorry that took so long.
I got stuck behind
this, uh,
lady at the craft store
that was buying 700
individually-priced buttons.
Mm.
Oh, they said
to say hi to you.
Hi.
And I got you a new shirt, Nick.
Oh, isn't that nice.
Phew! What the hell is
that smell, you guys?
We made a library! Mm.
Is this the glue?
It comes from my
private collection.
Mm-hmm.
It's very strong.
You guys are so high.
How dare you.
I'm not high at all.
You're high.
Whoa!
(clattering)
You guys, this says to use this
in an open field.
It specifically says that
a backyard is too small.
You're a backyard.
Very good. (inhaling loudly)
I think I should
cancel this reading.
No way! I am in.
I feel great for the reading.
Let me just buckle up my shirt.
Well, the problem
with this author shirt
is that it's made of honey.
It's not...
This shirt is too sticky.
It's because there's
glue on your...
'Cause it's made of honey, so...
And I'm canceling.
You cannot do a reading
in this condition.
No! Don't cancel
the reading!
You worked so hard to get it!
I got a backpack full of
Pepperwoods, and I'm ready.
NICK:
Oh!
JESS:
Aah!
Jess, I'm coming!
Reagan, call shotgun.
(groaning)
Are you pulling?
I can't feel you pulling.
Let me get your legs!
Please don't drag her.
(grunting)
(whispering):
Winston, where are you?
We are freaking out
in increasingly weird ways.
I'm at a costume shop, getting
ready for the big proposal.
A costume shop?
All in good time.
Now, listen, when I text you, I
need you to bring Aly to Malibu.
Okay? I don't want the two of us
to drive back separately.
Plus, I want to make out
at red lights.
Okay, Winston.
Just how much longer?
This is very
important to me. If you mess
this up, you ruin my life, okay?
No, Winston. Uh, uh...
Okay, bye!
No. No, no, no. Uh...
Ooh!
So many marital
problems we have.
My baby's got a
real sweet tooth.
Just the other day, she ate an
entire sleeve of pecan sandies
and punched the top right
off of a parking meter.
It was the craziest thing
I've ever seen.
(Cece clears her throat)
She yells at me
constantly and...
There's one time
where she tipped over a table.
He gambled away
another paycheck.
Oh, no!
It's the ponies.
I'm addicted.
Right, right, right.
CECE:
It's true.
All the money that
he wins on gambling,
he puts up
his nose.
Oh.
It's cocaine now, as well.
Love me the ca-caine.
Ah, yeah.
Feel invisible
when I do it.
This feels like
some sort of weird foreplay.
I'm out of here.
Wait. No. Aly, please. Um...
Don't leave me
with this rage monster.
Oh, yeah. You... I mean, you
want to see a rage monster?
You want me to show
her the rage monster?
Well, here you go.
No!
Just...
Gosh darn.
...tipping tables!
All right, that's...
Uh, but I just...
Wait. Aly, Aly,
please don't leave.
She belongs
in a mental hospital!
What?!
I know what's happening. You
guys are trying to distract me
from some weird thing
Winston's planning.
Uh, no. Aly, no.
Possibly a prank?
Might be a zotz, a goof.
If it's prank,
please tell him
I wore bad underwear
today. Please.
Frank Sinatra
strikes again.
It's a prank, it's a prank.
That's exactly what it is.
It's a prank. Great.
Oh. Winston.
Stranded in Malibu.
All right, let's
get this over with.
Winston.
Hmm. Yep.
(Nick sighs)
The good news is
I'm feeling sober.
The bad news is maybe
I'm too sober.
Yeah. I'm sobered up, too.
Great.
Why are my eyes so good?
I can read everything
from here.
What does that mean?
Oh, my God.
A secret world.
Okay. I don't think
she's sober at all.
(gasps)
Okay. Hi.
Thank you for supporting
your local bookstore.
Quick reminder: We're dying.
Please buy things.
I was feeling
very confident before,
but I'm losing some of it,
so I think might just take
one more quick pull.
No, no. No, no, no.
No. Just one more quick pull.
Just one more quick.
Oh, my goodness.
Is this gonna be a problem?
Get it together.
And now, please welcome
Nick Miller,
author of
The Pepperwood Chronicles.
(whispering):
No, no.
(applause)
Go ahead... Nick.
Go ahead.
They called...
What a wonderful day.
Quick reminder:
We are dying.
I wrote this, every word.
All of that.
My hard work, not yours.
It's not a competition.
If everybody could stop looking
at me, that'd be really great.
If you guys wouldn't mind
just closing your eyes,
as if you were at some sort
of a show
where you were asked
to close your eyes.
What?
Thank you.
Do you mind looking down, sir?
(whispering):
Nick.
All of these are for sale.
What's that?
Yeah... coming.
PATRON:
Is that it?
Um...
NICK:
Don't worry about me,
I live here now.
All right, what are we
gonna do? What's the plan?
Well, it helps if you feed him
something first.
Do you have any meat? Or nuts?
Why would I have come
to the bookstore
with meat and nuts in my purse?
Okay. Caramels.
I don't have that.
All right. Just tell him you
believe in him,
and that he can do this.
Yeah. I'm not good at this.
Obviously. So...
What would you say, Jess,
if you were me?
I would say...
(sighs)
Nick, you're one of the most
amazing people I've ever met.
Everyone here is lucky
to hear your book,
because it's a part of you.
And if you fail, it doesn't
change how special you are.
And no matter
what happens here,
I'll always love you.
Or something like that.
That made me tear up
a little bit.
I'm gonna use that.
Okay.
Hi, Nick.
What are you doing?
I'm just hanging out in here.
I'm just taking a break.
Just, just having a moment...
yeah.
Hey. No. You are,
you are amazing.
And you, you're,
you're, uh, special boy.
Like, uh, um...
You know, you-- like, uh,
you're, you are...
very special,
you know what I'm saying.
Uh, and let me start over.
(clears throat)
Nick.
I believe in you.
Hey, this thing's awesome.
Did that guy write this?
Yeah. He sure did.
There's a sadness about him.
I know what you mean.
JESS:
Oh, there's movement.
(sighs)
Sorry about that.
Uh, that was some weird stuff.
"The sun baked down on
Pepperwood's back
"as he moved over
to the St. Charles streetcar.
"The driver handed him
a brown paper sack.
"Without opening it,
Pepperwood knew
what was inside:
blood-soaked beignets."
He is so dreamy.
Oh, your life's
gonna be so hard.
Okay, Bishop,
what is happening?
Do you really need a spare?
Oh, I got a spare.
A spare cactus.
Oh, my God.
I planted it in this
spot that is perfect.
You see, the cactus is common,
but the company is not.
Hello, beautiful.
It's perfect.
Come on.
We should probably just
give them their privacy.
Yeah, you're right,
you're right.
Holy hell.
He's doing it.
Oh, my God, oh, my God.
He's on a knee, here we go.
It's happening.
Game time.
It's a shoelace.
False alarm.
Okay, now here it is.
Here it is.
It's happening.
That is a ring.
I don't think
that's a ring.
Is he giving her
a gummy vitamin?
(Cece gasps)
Okay, this is it,
this is it.
And the other shoe?
That's why I double
knot his laces.
You know what? Let's stop
asking questions. Who knows?
It's... their date.
It's their date.
What is this?
Hey. You guys can
take off now.
Of course. You want to be alone
for when you pop the question.
Got it.
Wait. What?
We're so excited
for the both of you.
Oh. Oh, you thought I
was gonna propose today?
No. Yo. That's hilarious.
What do you mean
it's not today?
No. This is just
phase one... of 20.
What?
Yeah.
We went through all of this for
a non-proposal cactus picnic?
Damn it, Winston.
My girl deserves the grandest
proposal ever, okay?
And that cannot be rushed.
That is actually sweet.
That's not sweet.
I te-- Here's a phase for you:
When I throw you off
the cliff into the ocean.
Okay.
Hey, look, don't worry.
For the next 20 weeks,
I've only got you helping out
with odd-numbered phases, okay?
And there will be
sub-phases, obviously.
I ain't doing no sub-phases.
Think of them as
annoyingly elaborate
smaller phases.
He's really pushing
his limits right now.
Thank you so much for
your help. One phase down.
Boop.
Don't boop him.
Just one. I wish
we sold just one.
Hey. You did great.
JESS:
Nick. I'd like
to introduce you to
your number one fan.
Hey. I really enjoyed
what you read
and hearing it and how
the characters were good,
and how your face looks,
and I want to hold it.
All right.
Keep it cool,
keep it cool.
I think Mariah would like
to buy a copy of the book.
You want to buy one?
Yes.
How much ya got?
A dollar.
Well, the purchase price
is $12.95, so...
I'm comfortable with the dollar.
Okay, fine. A dollar's fine.
Good deal.
The signature's free
with the dollar.
There you go.
Thank you.
Don't read it
all in one place.
You okay, Nick?
Yeah. Just concerned about...
The shed scene.
But I don't remember
the shed scene.
You don't remember
the shed scene?
I don't remember it.
It's an incredibly graphic
sexual scene.
That's not good.
Disgustingly sexual.
Who cares?
My first sale!
REAGAN:
Congratulations.
NICK:
I did it.
JESS: Yeah, Nick!
NICK: Yeah, me!
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH